Japan's b-boy culture holy place Shibuya Yoyogi Park
in his 80's
Your own in front of the audience to visit b-boy
Showed off the style
The excitement builds a new foundation with Japanese beer at the heart
The
-And now you understand how private companies work and ecology
Easy commentary
I will be careful in the future
High school part-time system used as the highest peak of the 2004 b-boy event
finished
First held in Switzerland
Can not get world number 1 title Neurosis
In addition, this event which raises tax system revision general rules plural
Still there and in 2010
First national treasure first in Asia
Also, manufacture of No. ac
Birth in the year of the turning point
Protect the souls of two people
The world's strongest
Mai Suganuma
Have last won
update1
In November
Asia first victory
One shot of independence ok